---
layout: post
title: "A New Home"
---


I finally made it to St. Louis.

Well actually it’s St. Charles, about 20 miles west of St. Louis but close enough. 

The drive out here wasn’t too bad. After Clarkesville, the drive through Kentucky and Illinois was just boring! Once we got to the St. Louis Metro, the traffic picked up and reminded me why I hate driving in cities. So many people and so many lanes!

The apartment complex I’m at is really nice! It’s large, updated, and location is really good. St. Charles is an alright town. Lots of people said it was really safe compared to St. Louis and that’s the biggest reason I chose it. It’s pretty suburban! There’s a lot of sprawl and chain stores all around, it’s not the worst thing ever and I don’t really mind. St. Charles’ Main Street is something I really like. It’s a brick road with nothing but local and small shops. It’s so very nice and quiet. Next to that is Frontier’s Park which is a huge park between the Missouri River and Main Street. It has a ton of wide open spaces and bike paths that lead to the Katy Trail. There’s also this barge in the middle of the Missouri River with paths to walk out onto it, it’s really neat. 

Since I’m terrible at writing, it’s taken me a week to get this done. My first day at Mastercard was on Monday. Goodness. 

So far Mastercard has been amazing. Amazing campus, great people. My team is super friendly and goodness do they know their stuff. I may know nothing but they know their stuff and they are totally helpful with anything I need. 

I feel like I’m actually learning software development. Hardcore software development. Agile SAFe method being actually applied. I can see how it works and how well it works. It’s a great experience so far. 
